FromthisLINEdowntothenextLINEwillbecopiedratherthanoriginalwork.




there once was a man from peru
who dreamed he was eating his shoe
he woke one night
with a terrible fright 
to find his dream had come true

there was a young lady of riga
who went for a ride on a tiger 
they returned from the ride
with the lady inside
and a smile on the face of the tiger

there was a faith healer of deal
who said 'though pain isn't real
if I sit on a pin 
and it punctures my skin
I dislike what I fancy I feel'

there was an old man of darjeeling
who boarded a bus bound for ealing
he saw on the door 
'please don't spit on the floor'
so he stood up and spat on the ceiling

there was an old man of boulogne
who sang a most topical song
it wasn't the words
that frightened the birds
but the horrible double-entendre

there was a young man of japan
who dreamt he was eating a can
he woke one night 
with a terrible fright
to find he was eating a wok and a pan

there was a young man of japan
whose limericks never would scan
when they said it was so
he replied 'Yes I know,
but I always try to get as many words into the last line as ever I possibly can

there was a woman called starkie 
who had an affair with a darky
the result of her sins 
was quadriplets, not twins-
one black, one white and two khaki

there was a young lady named Bright,
whose speed was far faster than light;
she set out one day
in a relative way,
and returned home the previous night.

There once was a man who said 'God
Must think it exceedingly odd
If he find that this tree 
Continues to be
When there's no one about in the quad,'

Dear sir, your astonishments odd;
I am always about in the Quad.
And thats why the tree
Will continue to be,
Since observed by yours faithfully, God.

there was an old man with a beard 
who said it is just as i feared 
two owls and a hen
four larks and a wren
have all built their nests in my beard

a wonderful bird is the pelican
his bill will hold more than his belican
he can take in his beak 
enough food for a week
but im damned if i know how the helican

A mathematician confided
That a Möbius band is one-sided.
 And you'll get quite a laugh
 If you cut it in half,
For it stays in one peice when divided.

The topologist's mind came unguided
When his theories, some colleagues derided.
Out of Möbius strips,
Paper dolls he now snips,
Non-Euclidian, closed, and one-sided.

A mathematician named Klein
Thought the Möbius band divine.
Said he 'If you glue
The edges of two,
You'll get a weird bottle like mine,'

A hungry cannibal named joan
Ordered takeaway up on the phone
'I'll have baked explorer
And a great white snorer
And roasted missionary on the bone...'

I do want to save the whale
Its treatment is beyond the pale
But when i think of a cause 
Something makes me pause
And go back to the bar for an ale...

He was my ultimate health guru
He gave me a diet and exercise to do
'Til I awoke one morning
The dreadful truth dawning
He'd died. He was mortal, too...

My good mate Barry the Bomb
Dropped a stinker of a fart with aplomb
It's of such magnificence
And great significance
It's been released on CD-ROM...

A pompous explorer named Katter
About his travels, loved to chatter
But through misadventures
He'd loosened both dentures
And when Katter would natter, he'd clatter...

Our vicar, a pulpit denouncer
Ran off to become a nightclub announcer

Since you are now studying geometry and trigonometry,
I will give you a problem. A ship sails the ocean.
It left boston with a cargo of wool. It grosses
200 tons. It is bound for Le Havre. The main mast
is broken, the cabin boy is on deck, there are
12 passengers aboard, the wind is blowing East-North-East,
the clock points to a quarter past three in the afternoon.
it is the month of may. How old is the captain?

Every minute dies a man,
And one and a sixteenth born.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Ten weary, footsore travellers,
All in a woefull plight,
Sought shelter at a wayside inn
One dark and stormy night.

'Nine rooms, no more,' the landlord said
'Have I to offer you.
To each of eight a single bed, 
But the ninth must serve for two.'

A din arose. The troubled host
Could only scratch his head,
For of those tired men not two
Would occupy a single bed.

The puzzled host was soon at ease-
He was a clever man-
And so to please his guests devised
This most ingenious plan.

In a room marked A two men were placed,
The third was lodged in B,
The fourth to C was then assigned,
The fifth retired to D.
In E the sixth he tucked away,
In F the seventh man.
The eighth and nineth in G and H,
And then to A he ran,

Wherein the host, as I have said,
Had laid two travellers by;
Then taking one-the tenth and last-
He logged him safe in I.

Nine single rooms-a room for each-
Were made to serve for ten;
And this it is that puzzles me
And many wiser men.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If 2-2=0
and 1-1=0
then
2-2=1-1
if 2-2=2(1-1)
then 2(1-1)=1-1
if (1-1) divided by 1=1
then 2(1)=1
or in other words
2=1

UnBooks:A Story, About a Man, that Comes to an Eventual Conclusion
 
The novel UnBooks:A Story, About a Man, that Comes to an Eventual Conclusion is also available in paperback.
From UnBooks, the content-free textbook collection
A Note From the Author 
The author would like to explain that he was not stoned when he wrote this article. In fact, he has never been stoned. He does not, however, argue the fact that he is Bat Fuck Insane. For this, he apologizes. He also concedes that sleeplessness was involved in the penning of this adventure. A few days worth of sleeplessness, actually. For this also, he apologizes. With that, he hopes you can enjoy this sophisticated tale of honor, sacrifice, and a struggle with the loss of innocence. 

[edit] Chapter 1: An Ordinary Day, Whenever it Began 
 
 
How long has Amos been awake again? No one can be sure.
Amos Fitzsimons woke up today...or maybe he had woken up yesterday. He couldn't remember. In either case, he was still in a daze from waking. He fed his cat Jerry, or Hubert or whatever her name was. It was a beautiful day full of murder and dejection, everything Amos hated. He checked his watch while he began undressing. Shit. He was late for work again. The boss wouldn't be happy about this. But, it was his first time being late, so it shouldn't be so bad. Still, he couldn't figure out why he was naked. Had he been sleeping again? 
"Oh, have at you!" he said to nothing and no one in particular. He dressed himself, and decided to go to work. As he got outside, he had to decide whether to walk, or drive. "Work is 20 miles away!' he said without any emotion. "Why would I even think about walking?" 

[edit] Chapter 2: A Trip of Multiple Possibilities 

During his walk to work, Amos noticed it smelled of murder on his street. He loved the smell of murder. Still, Amos kept walking, determined to get to work today, and gain some weight. Muscle weight, the best kind of weight. Amos was horribly fat, but he didn't mind. Still, he should probably get to work a little faster seeing as though he's late. However, he saw an old lady in a wheelchair trying to get across the road. He figured he should probably help her out, since there was a lot of traffic in this area. 
 
 
Enjoy little kitty while you still can. He's coming for you.
(Now, I'm not going to write that Amos walked over to the old lady, punched her in the face, and stole the wheelchair. That would be inconceivable of me. So you can figure out how he got the wheelchair yourself. Perhaps, he picked her up, and took her back to her family, who she hadn't seen in 15 years because she had spanked her grandchild, Melissa, which the mother, Josephina, did not appreciate. Then they got in a fight over the old lady trying to be a mother, and not letting Josephina raise Melissa, which led to Josephina pushing the old lady down some steps, paralyzing her from the waist down, as the young Melissa looked on in horror, and has not spoken since because she blames herself for the accident, which has caused the family considerable strain given that Josephina was in jail for 10 years because even though the old lady did not press charges, Josephina's brother, Bartholomew, did because he was upset with Josephina over the fact that she did not give him a gift three Christmases before, even though he had given her a car a year before that. This left the family in shambles, and the old lady, in her grief, had become a recluse, looking for love from kind strangers, who to help her across the street and walk her home where she would bake them a nice warm pie, and tell them stories of her life (like when she had lived on a farm as a child) while the pie cooled in the windowsill. However, the pie was stolen from the windowsill by a three-legged thief, which caused Amos to run after him and get the pie back, at which time the pie fell to the ground, ruined, and Amos, consumed by the grief he felt for the old lady, and all the effort she put into the pie, could not force himself to tell her, and decided he really did need to get back to work, when he noticed he was in the same place as when he picked up the old lady in the first place, and decided to take her wheelchair. You could easily decide that is how he got it. Or you could just agree that he punched the old lady repeatedly in the face, and stole it. It’s up to you.) 

Amos loved his new wheelchair. It was definitely better then walking. Still, since work was completely uphill, walking would have been better. "NO!" he screamed at the fence next to him. He was determined to lose weight, and this was a great way to do it. When Amos got to the top of the first hill, he realized how big of a moron he was, and got angry. He leaped off his wheelchair and threw the it back down the hill at a roving band of Final Fantasy VII fans, who were in town for the weekend. "I never loved you anyway!" he shouted at the wheelchair as it barreled down the hill. 
As he finally finished walking to work, Amos wondered how he was going to explain the blood on his hands to his boss. He couldn't really explain it himself. "Damn it, I punched another old lady, didn't I?" Some people turned their heads to him suddenly, but turned away once they noticed he looked like a nice guy. Amos got to the front door at work. "Locked again," Amos would have said had he said anything, but he didn't. He didn't want to get another vandalism charge against himself, so he had to find some other way to get in without breaking anything!!! 

[edit] Chapter 3: One Long Journey is Over, and Then It Isn't 
 
 
The obvious culprit.
After throwing a rock through the window, Amos entered through the open side-door. "Hmmmmm...I've never been in this room before," he thought as he entered the lobby. There were a couple important looking people staring at a broken window. One of them looked at him angrily. 
"Has it been hailing again? That's odd I didn't notice a storm last night. Oh well, Chalk one up to God, eh Smithy?" Amos commented cheerfully as he walked past the group. 
Amos got to the elevator, but decided to take the stairs. He hadn't done much walking lately, and needed the exercise if he was going to stay in such great shape as he was presently in. It wasn't until he got to the 143rd floor that he remembered his office was on the first. By this point in time, his legs had cramped up, and he was barely able to walk. He ran into the bathroom and noticed a wheelchair outside the large stall. 
"Whoa! A Wheelchair!!" Amos muttered, "I haven't seen one of those since I was a kid. With my legs as bad as they are, this must be a gift for me from heaven." As Amos went to take it, he heard a soft, supple voice come from the stall. 
"Hey man, what in the hell do you think you're doing?" the man from the stall growled. 
"Taking this gift I received," Amos replied, a little taken aback by hearing another man in the women's bathroom. 
"A gift to you? That's my wheelchair you jackass. You can't just take everything you see. It’s not prudent, and it’s a little selfish. Plus I need that to move around, and you can walk just fine." 
Amos would have responded to this, but he had already taken the wheelchair out into the hallway. "What an odd fellow," Amos commented as he wheeled himself to the stairs. 

[edit] Chapter 4: Accidents Happen, Unless they Aren't Accidents. But 
Those Non-Accidents Still Happen Too. 
 
 
Here we see our inspirational hero is no more then a mere janitor. Tears are shed.
"Sir!" a woman called to him. "I don't think you can take the stairs!" 
"Don't tell me what I can't do!" Amos shouted, and took the plunge. 
It was exactly half a second later that Amos realized she may have been right. Luckily, there was a wall in his path to stop the fall. Amos slammed into the wall face-first, and fell to the floor. 
"That should have hurt way more than it did," Amos screamed in agony. He got up and checked to see if he was missing any teeth. He was happy to see that no new teeth were missing, as he already didn't have any. 
"Looks like this day just got a little bit better," Amos said before passing out. 
When Amos came to he was surrounded by no one. He decided to get up. He needed to go to work, and he was running late as it was. He couldn't really figure out why he was dressed. Perhaps he had been sleeping again. Oh well. He needed to go for his morning run though, so he decided to take the elevator down to the lobby. As he stepped out of the elevator there was a man waiting for him. The man calmly ran over to him, and he looked pissed. 
"Fitzsimons, you're late. Lets go," he yelled as he took Amos by the arm, and pulled him through a grubby looking door on the side of the room. "Jesus Christ boy! What have you done to your face? Did you steal Franklin's wheelchair again? That's the second time this month." 
"Where am I?" Amos asked in a voice that dripped with wisdom. 
"The same place you are everyday," the man replied. "Work. Blood on your hands I see. Damnit man! How many times to I have to tell you not to punch old ladies?" 
"Oh, sorry," Amos sneered. "So, this is the famous 'work' I always go to, eh? Well I don't think I feel like doing 'work' today. So I guess you're out of luck." 
"Shut the hell up, and get up to floor 143," the man replied. "The bathroom up there is filthy, and you haven't mopped it in weeks. And please remember to bring your mop this time." 
"Jeepers!" Amos shrieked, and walked out without anoth word. 
The man walked over to the table in the middle of the room, grabbing his cigarettes from his front shirt pocket. "That kid could really be going somewhere in life. It's a shame he's stuck in a place like this," the man thought to himself as he lit his cigarette, and propped his feet up on the table. "A damn shame." 

[edit] The Eight Unnecessary Blank Pages before the Back Cover 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
_ 
[edit] Back Cover 
[edit] Critical Praise for "A Story, About a Man, that Comes to an Eventual Conclusion" 
“ An instant classic! This UnBook will obviously have repercussions for years to come!”
~ Mike Burns: The NY Times 
“ A well crafted tale of love and loss. D+, wouldn't read again.”
~ Kenneth Johnson: The St. Mary's Gazette 
“ Actually, I didn't really get it.”
~ Jason Wade: The USA Today 


this is the next LINE from
now on will be original work by the karaitiana family.



i once met a man from mars
every day he ate candybars
but whenever he farted
the whole planet parted
what a crazy old man mars

there once was a boy from alasker
well thats all i can think of writing
so bye!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Humpty Dumpty sat in a chair
while the barber cut his hair
he cut it long
he cut it short
he cut it with a knife and fork.

there once was a boy called sandro
he dreamed a dream of mangos
he thinks its funny 
too see pooh runny
and doody dance the tango

there was a chinese man 
who said ''ching chong chang''
and when he farted 
his bum cheeks parted
and the world went KABLAM!!!!!

hey diddle diddle 
the cat and the fiddle
the cow jumped over the moon
the little dog laughed to see such fun 
and ate everything up with the spoon
moon loon toon soon noon

there once was a guy called the guy behind you
and the guy scared you very very lots
because you are a scaredy lion
and eat orange flowers for breakfast
i don't know why that last bit was mean but when this guy was trying to be mean to me he said it and so now i'm saying it to you 
puck you
doody on your face

once there was a bug and the bug went down your mouth and then you swollowed the bug and the bug ate your tummy and you said to your mummy (hey that rhymes)
mummy my tummy (hey that rhymes) feels funny (hey that rhymes) and she said honey (hey that rhymes) your tummy( do i have to say it again) (oh, all right.
Hey that rhymes) feels bad (NO YOU HAVE TO SAY FUNNY,    NOT BAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
) feels funny (hey that rhymes) because your face is so ugly 

there was a ugly little boy he looked like you
you look like a pooh
moo soo loo coo noo goooooooooooooooooooooooomy

there once was a god called God 
who said '' jeeze you look pretty odd
(hey that rhymes)
(get with the times)
now the stories over...    ummmmm... please nod. 

there was a boy called kyle that rhymed with pyle pyle kyle bumb whole kyle
shaneka shenikah kyle pyle christa pista sandro pandro terina perina ladonia padonia mum pum mom pom 
 bumb kyles dumb plum which 
was shoved up his bumb and made his face turn dumb when his bubblegum came out of his bumb and he 
said yum yum

for anyone who wants to write something funny
please do
but to make it funny you must not try to
you have to close your eyes and write the first thing that comes to your mind if its not funny 
then give up 
but if you don't want to give up then don't
but otherwise do
but if you don't want to give up then don't
but otherwise do
but if you don't want to give up then don't
but otherwise do
but if you don't want to give up then don't
but otherwise do
but if you don't want to give up then don't
sorry about that but it was the first thing that came to my mind and i thought that it would be funny
but it wasn't 
and i'm sorry
now i'm going to give up


there once was a boy named string
and one day his mum bought a little brown dog
and string named his dog pooh pooh 
everybody laughed at pooh pooh because of his funny name
but pooh pooh wasn't sad because he didn't speak people language
one day string caught pooh pooh drinking from the toilet
''bad dog pooh pooh'' string said
pooh pooh took his head out of the toilet to look at string
string had an angry face
pooh pooh farted and then started drinking from the toilet again
string got really angry
and he flushed pooh pooh down the toilet
the next day strings dad who looked like a bum said
''wheres pooh pooh i haven't seen him all day?''
string said'' pooh go down potty''
''yes pooh does go down potty but wheres pooh pooh your dog?''
so string pulled his dad too the toilet and pointed to the toilet and said
''pooh pooh'' his dad went to the toilet and said ''yes people pooh in toilets but wheres your dog?''
string was mad at his dad because his dad didn't know what he meant
so string flushed his dad down the toilet
later at dinner strings mum asked ''where is your father?''
and string got really angry and yelled ''their in the fucking toilet''
this made strings mum angry so she flushed string down the toilet
his mums name was pissface
the end


what a rip off 


 NM

Here lies the body of Ken... the liar
he died with his pants... on fire
   When asked, "why jeans aflame?"
   Lied he, "Thought it a nice game"
Now kens six feet under, with smouldering attire

Anon He be 
dead in '93
   with a cross in the ground 
   here he's found
buried, skull 'n all, but knee

Here lies the body of a limirick maker
died on his way to the undertaker
   but the irony is 
   is that while you read this 
A curse is layed on you, sighned, Limirick Hater

Here lies the body of a great Exploror
gone to see the lands of the baddest horror
   Along the way his eyes did bear
   "Abandon all hope those who enter here,"
but then he noticed the typographical Error...

...Moving a small bush out of the way
passing demons heard him say,
   "Oh my, Oh dear,
   '-Hell is full of queers'"
since then he has become a gay.

there was a boy named Judy because he reminded his mother of a doody
 Judys mother's name was Bear
because
she drank a lot of bear
Judy was brown and warm cause he was a shit
his mother didn't know that because she was so drunk
at the hospital when the doctor slapped Judys bum his hand got stuck in something brown & sticky
whats brown and sticky?
answer: Judy
Judys dad was a bowl of spaghetti
Judys brothers and sisters were also poohs
there was his sister Dianne-areeya
there was his brother Pueeter
and of coarse who could forget his little twin sisters
Wahz'atshit & his other sister Crapcrapcrap.
One day Judy and his brother Pueeter was walking through a farm looking for cowpats.
All of a sudden the ground shook and when Judy and Pueeter turned around their mother stood in front of them.
"Shut your fuckin face uncle fucker"sang the mother of the two peices of crap that stood before her.
then Bear walked off causing a few earhquakes around the world.
"Pooh shit pooh pooh crap fart shit crap fart"Said, Pueeter.
"Dude, why are you talking like that"Said, Judy, who was a boy with a girls name.
"I don't know. I just thought that if my life was a story and someone was reading it then it would be funnier
if i did something like that"
"Jeeze mate, your weird"
"Yeah? Well your a lump of pooh Judy."
"Yeah? well your a bit of doody Pueeter."
They both smelled her comeing before they saw her.
Dianne-areeya (leaving a brown wet trail behind her) came running to the two of them.
"Pooh shit pooh pooh crap fart shit crap fart"Said, Dianne-areeya.
"God shit, your not doing it to are you?"asked a brown and slimy skinned doody named Judy to a wet stinky puddle named Dianne-areeya.
"Huh? Wat yu tlking 'bout Judy I just bin singin ma song dog-doody"
Dianne-areeya burped and accidentaly destroyed the planet.
Two aliens were flying by when this happened one was named Bumbumbum... on and on until infinity and the other was named Infinityfartsandotherstinkybangs
both said "&%$@&@$&$%*@ÄGDFGADSGFADFDAFSDSSDtupac my main man&%@*%#("jylkujo57or864777i0gdi4gyd47utfuyfot86u,89,u9p;fuck you poop
Which means "wow"
(only fuck you poop means wow the rest just is their way of doing farts did I mention that they shit and fart out of their mouth)

THE REAR END.



Stupid storys are things people think should be avoided but the more stupid a story is the more creativity it demands of you.
Here are a few puzzles.

a)
  1) TTLSHIWWYAUATWSHLADITSTTLSHIWWYA

  2) MHALLLLLLMHALLWFWWAS

  3) GONATFITBOLWMHOVWE

  4) OTTFFSSENTETTFFSSENT
  
  5) abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz

b)
  1) iurifttusc

  2) cceerilt

  3) lltmcaie

  4) vedadanc


These are the things I think I know
There is a farming tool called a Hoe
at least I think it 
but I might need to Edit
all the things I think I know.

There once was a man who craved
things that were most depraved
once he got them
his mind was rotten
and was beyond ever being saved.

There once was a girl with high IQ
said to be around 402
when asked if god existed 
she replied,"He insisted,
'I'm damned if even I knew'". 

There once was a computer that could think
but in whose armour there was a chink
if read to with Shakespeare
though it could not shed a tear
its electric heart did rise and sink.

There once was a guy known as Pope
who did nothing like as bad as gloat
but with his attention away
once on a sunday
he forgot to thank god for his oats.

There once was a guy who did a limirick
he thought it was a marvelous trick
but when he did another one
and it didn't even have a pun
he's forever more felt sick.

There once was a guy whose lifespan was short
Never enough time you would have thought
To live a life of the regular sort.

But here I will show you the life he did live
It will make you think him very excessive
To live a life that was such an alternative.

On the day he was born
It was a monday morn
And his age had sighns o'worn.

By evening he'd been
Close to thirteen
With ears still green.

On tuesday its said 
Although short life led
It was the day he planned he'll wed

On wednsday he'd been
Gone to seen
A man about a prostate thing

From thursday on
The days were long
So he decided he'd sing a song

Skip three days
In as many ways
times debt paid

this last one was made as a tool for insomniacs.

There once was a man named crap
Who thought he could rap
But when he started
it sounded like he sharted 
now he's known as "the poor old sap"

In the deep dark receses of a cave there lived a caveman.
This caveman was named Dug.
Dug was a digger.
Dug was a digger because he liked to dig.
all the other cavemen and cavewomen thought Dug was dumb.
the other cavemen and cavewomen thought Dug was dumb because he dug.
and to them digging was dumb.
you couldn't do anything with a hole that was usefull they thought.
but you could do something with a stick.
and that was why Dugs brother Stickman had so many friends.
because Stickman could do many things that were useful to the other cave people.
Stickman could protect the cave people by banging his stick on sabertoothed tigers' heads.
and he could get fruit from high branches by whacking them with his stick.
but all Dug could do was accidently make the cavemen and cavewomen fall into deep pits.
Dug was in love.
he was in love with a cavewomen called Hotgirl.
Hotgirl was called Hotgirl because she controlled the fire.
she was useful to the cave people too because she could scare off animals at night with her fire.
and she helped Foodmaker make the cave peoples food taste better.
but she was also feared by the cavemen and cave women.
and that was because when someone made her mad she would throw hot embers everywhere.
one day Dug was digging a hole.
he hadn't noticed yet but he had dug so deep he couldn't get out.
this happened a lot to Dug but he didn't mind it when it happened.
'cause he was just happy to dig.
he was so busy that he didn't here Hotgirl coming and only realized she was near when she landed in his arms.
he smiled at her.
she was angry and threw a burning stick at him.

He woke up and saw the stars were out.
hearing the sound of something scratching the ground he turned to see Hotgirl trying in vain to climb up the steep walls of the hole they were in.
the end

knock knock
who's there
knock knock
i said whos there
knock knock knock knock
would you just tell me who you are
knock knock
ok ill just open the door and find out
oh...
you're...
a woodpecker

Knight in black
Young and slack
Light as air
Ended his days here

